# Meeting Notes

- ### Date: `2022-10-24`
- ### Topic: Weekly Group Sync
- ### Participants:
  - All of team 5

## Meeting Summary:

- Assign Groups
  - Frontend
    - Michel (Lead)
    - Zachary
    - Shawn
  - Backend
    - Patrick
    - Ricky (Lead)
    - Samm
    - Greg
  - Mockups
    - Zach (Lead)
    - Samm
    - Greg
- November 1st deadline to have static frontend for academic programming to share with partner
- November 4th TD2 deadline to have dynamic prototype for academic programming
- Lead responsibilities include maintaining the kanban for their subteam and keeping their subteam accountable
- Individual contributors will still be responsible for updating cards/tickets they are responsible for

## Action Items:

- Mockups to be finalized by Oct 26th morning
- Frontend and backend teams to meet prior to Oct 29th to have time to work on the weekend
